Cloud NAT (network address translation) lets certain resources in Google Cloud create outbound connections to the internet or to other Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) networks. 

Cloud NAT supports address translation for established inbound response packets only. 

It does not allow unsolicited inbound connections.

-------

Cloud NAT provides outgoing connectivity for the following resources:

	Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instances
	
	Private Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) clusters
	
	Cloud Run instances through Serverless VPC Access
	
	Cloud Functions instances through Serverless VPC Access
	
	App Engine standard environment instances through Serverless VPC Access

-------

Public NAT:

	Public NAT lets Google Cloud resources that do not have public IP addresses communicate with the internet. 

		These VMs use a set of shared public IP addresses to connect to the internet. 

	Public NAT does not rely on proxy VMs. 

	Instead, a Public NAT gateway allocates a set of external IP addresses and source ports to each VM that uses the gateway to create outbound connections to the internet.

	Consider a scenario in which you have VM-1 in subnet-1 whose network interface does not have an external IP address. 

		However, VM-1 needs to connect to the internet to download critical updates. 

		To enable connectivity to the internet, you can create a Public NAT gateway that is configured to apply to the IP address range of subnet-1. 

		Now, VM-1 can send traffic to the internet by using the internal IP address of subnet-1.

-------

Architecture:

	Cloud NAT is a distributed, software-defined managed service. 

	It's not based on proxy VMs or appliances. 

	Cloud NAT configures the Andromeda software that powers your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network so that it provides source network address translation (source NAT or SNAT) for resources. 

	Cloud NAT also provides destination network address translation (destination NAT or DNAT) for established inbound response packets.