Every single VM comes with a single root persistent disk, because you're choosing a base image to have that loaded on.

	This image is bootable in that you can attach it to a VM and boot from it, and it is durable in that it can survive if the VM terminates.

-------

The first disk that we create is what we call a persistent disk:

	That means it's going to be attached to the VM through the network interface.

	Even though it's persistent, it's not physically attached to the machine.

	This separation of disk and compute allows the disk to survive if the VM terminates.

	Another cool feature of persistent disks is that you can dynamically resize them, even while they are running and attached to a VM.

	You can also attach a disk in read-only mode to multiple VMs.

		This allows you to share static data between multiple instances, which is cheaper than replicating your data to unique disks for individual instances.

	-------

	Zonal persistent disks offer efficient, reliable block storage.

	Regional persistent disks provide active-active disk replication across two zones in the same region

		Regional persistent disks deliver durable storage that is synchronously replicated across zones and are a great option for high-performance databases and enterprise applications that also require high availability.

	-------

	When you configure a zonal or regional persistent disk, you can select one of the following disk types:

		Standard persistent disks are backed by standard hard disk drives and are suitable for large data processing workloads that primarily use sequential I/Os.

		Performance SSD persistent disks are backed by solid-state drives and are suitable for enterprise applications and high-performance databases that require lower latency and more IOPS than standard persistent disks provide.

		Balanced persistent disks are also backed by solid-state drives.

			They are an alternative to SSD persistent disks that balance performance and cost.

			These disks have the same maximum IOPS as SSD persistent disks and lower IOPS per gigabyte.

		Extreme persistent disks are zonal persistent disks also backed by solid-state drives.

			Extreme persistent disks are designed for high-end database workloads, providing consistently high performance for both random access workloads and bulk throughput.

-------

Now, local SSDs are different from persistent disks in that they are physically attached to the virtual machine.

	Therefore, these disks are ephemeral but provide very high IOPS.

	Currently, local SSDs are 375 gigabytes in size and you can attach up to to 24 local SSD partitions for a total of 9 terabytes per instance.

	Data on these disks will survive a reset but not a VM stop or terminate, because these disks can’t be reattached to a different VM.

-------

The persistent disks offer data redundancy because the data on each persistent disk is distributed across several physical disks.

	Local SSDs provide even higher performance, but without the data redundancy.

-------

Finally, RAM disks are very volatile but they provide the highest performance.

-------

Now, just as there is a limit on how many Local SSDs you can attach to a
VM, there is also a limit on how many persistent disks you can attach to a VM.