What is the difference between the Google Cloud Console and Cloud Shell?

	Cloud Shell is a command-line tool, while the Cloud Console is a graphical user interface
	(The Cloud Console is a graphical user interface and Cloud Shell is a command-line tool. Both tools allow you to interact with Google Cloud. Even though the Cloud Console can do things Cloud Shell can't do and vice-versa, don’t think of them as alternatives, but think of them as one extremely flexible and powerful interface.)

-------

Which of the following does not allow you to interact with Google Cloud?

	Cloud Explorer
	(There’s the Cloud Console, Cloud Shell and the Cloud SDK, the APIs, and the Cloud Mobile App. The Cloud Explorer is not a Google Cloud tool.)

-------

What is one benefit of applying firewall rules by tag rather than by address?

	When a VM is created with a matching tag, the firewall rules apply irrespective of the IP address it is assigned.
	(When a VM is created the ephemeral external IP address is assigned from a pool. 
	There is no way to predict which address will be assigned, so there is no way to write a rule that will match that VM's IP address before it is assigned. 
	Tags allow a symbolic assignment that does not depend on order in the IP addresses. It makes for simpler, more general, and easier to maintain, firewall rules.)

-------

What are the three types of networks offered in Google Cloud?

	Default network, auto network, and custom network
	(The three network types offered by Google Cloud are: default, auto and custom. Each project starts with a default network. The auto-type network uses the same subnet IP ranges as the default-type, with a network name other than default. A custom-type allows you to specify the IP ranges of subnets.)

-------

In Google Cloud, what is the minimum number of IP addresses that a VM instance needs?

	One: Only an internal IP address(In Google Cloud, each virtual machine needs to have an internal IP address. The external IP address is optional; therefore, a VM instance only needs one IP address.)

-------

Which statement is true of persistent disks?

	Persistent disks are encrypted by default.
	(Persistent Disks are not physical disks, they are a virtual-networked service. Each persistent disk remains encrypted either with system-defined keys or with customer-supplied keys.)

-------

Which statement is true of Virtual Machine Instances in Compute Engine?

	In Compute Engine, a VM is a networked service that simulates the features of a computer.
	(VMs in Compute Engine are a collection of networked services which includes persistent disks that are network-attached. In some cases the Google Cloud VM behaves unlike hardware or other kinds of virtual machines, for example, when a multi-tenant virtual CPU "bursts", using excess capacity beyond the VM spec.)

-------

What are sustained use discounts?

	Automatic discounts that you get for running specific Compute Engine resources for a significant portion of the billing month
	(Sustained use discounts are automatic discounts that you get for running specific Compute Engine resources (vCPUs, memory, GPU devices) for a significant portion of the billing month. To take advantage of the full 30% discount, create your VM instances on the first day of the month, because discounts reset at the beginning of each month.)