qwiklabs-gcp-03-de97f1de43ce

34.28.17.162

34.145.229.240

https://storage.googleapis.com/qwiklabs-gcp-03-de97f1de43ce/my-excellent-blog.png

-------

Firestore:

	Serverless document database that effortlessly scales to meet any demand, with no maintenance

	Fully customizable security and data validation rules to ensure the data is always protected

	Accelerate development of mobile, web, and IoT apps with direct connectivity to the database

	Built-in live synchronization and offline mode makes it easy to develop real-time applications

	Seamless integration with Firebase and Google Cloud services like Cloud Functions and BigQuery

-------

Cloud Spanner:

	Write and read scalability with no limits

		Spanner decouples compute resources from data storage, which makes it possible to transparently scale in and out processing resources. 

		Each additional compute capacity can process both reads and writes, providing effortless horizontal scalability. 

		Spanner optimizes performance by automatically handling the sharding, replication, and transaction processing.

	Automated maintenance

		Reduce operational costs and improve reliability for any size database. 

		Synchronous replication and maintenance are automatic and built in. 

		100% online schema changes and maintenance while serving traffic with zero downtime.

	PostgreSQL interface

		Combine the scalability and reliability of Spanner with the familiarity and portability of a PostgreSQL interface. 

		Use the skills and tools that your teams already know, future-proofing your investment for peace of mind

	Automatic database sharding

		Never worry about manually resharding your database again. 

		Built-in sharding automatically distributes data to optimize for performance and availability.

		Scale up and scale down without interruption.

	High-performance, workload-isolated query processing

		Cloud Spanner Data Boost enables users to run analytical queries, batch processing jobs, or data export operations faster without affecting the existing transactional workload. 

		Fully managed by Google Cloud, Data Boost does not require capacity planning or management. 

		It is always hot, ready to process user queries directly on data stored in Spanner's distributed storage system, Colossus. 

		This on-demand, independent compute resource lets users easily handle mixed workloads and worry-free data sharing

-------

Cloud SQL:

	Fully managed relational database service for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server.

		Cloud SQL manages your databases so you don't have to, so your business can run without disruption. 

		It automates all your backups, replication, patches, encryption, and storage capacity increases to give your applications the reliability, scalability, and security they need.

	More than 95% of Google Cloud's top 100 customers use Cloud SQL to run their businesses.

	Open and standards-based

		Cloud SQL supports the most popular open source and commercial engines, including MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server with rich support for extensions, configuration flags, and popular developer tools.

		It's easy to get started—simply bring your existing skills over and enjoy the flexibility to work the way you want. You can create a database with just a few clicks in the console and connect your application.

	Cost-effective

		According to an IDC study, Cloud SQL customers achieved a three-year ROI of 246% and a payback period of 11 months. 

		You can scale as your application grows, customize your machine types, and choose different levels of performance and availability, up to a 99.99% availability SLA. 

		Committed use discounts offer additional savings for 1 to 3 year commitments

	Supports Gen AI

		Extend your database application to build AI-powered experiences using the pgvector PostgreSQL extension, LangChain, and LLMs. 

		Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL is great for storing vector embeddings from your ML models.

	Easy migrations

		No matter where your database is located—whether on-premises, on Compute Engine, or in other clouds—Database Migration Service (DMS) can migrate it securely and with minimal downtime. 

		DMS leverages the native replication capabilities of the source database to maximize the reliability of your migration. 

		And it’s available at no additional charge for migrations to Cloud SQL.

-------

Cloud Bigtable

	HBase-compatible, enterprise-grade NoSQL database service with single-digit millisecond latency, limitless scale, and 99.999% availability for large analytical and operational workloads.

		Build responsive applications with consistent, single-digit millisecond latency

		Seamlessly scale to match your storage and throughput needs; no downtime during reconfiguration

		Easily migrate from Apache HBase to Bigtable with no-downtime, live migrations

		Ideal for use cases such as personalization, fraud detection, real-time analytics, and IoT

		Ensure high availability with multi-primary replication in up to 8 regions